Ug updates (#182)
AY2223S2-CS2103T-F12-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

**Syntax:**

> `edit INDEX {SPECIFIER}/{DATA}...`

Reviewer: This syntax could use some explaining in the `Notes about the command format` section

Author: I think this already has a point about it in the referred to section

_Here are some important requirements for you to take note:_

* `INDEX` refers to the index of the contact you wish to edit in the current displayed list.
  * `INDEX` must be a **positive integer**.
* At least one field must be provided.

For the following fields, they are considered a `SuperField`.
* Modules
* Tags

> A `SuperField`
> can contain many inputs in that single field. When using edit, the command checks
> for if that input is already in that `SuperField`, if it is, it will remove it.
> If not, then it will add the input into the `SuperField`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `SuperField` can contain many inputs in that single field.
When using edit, the command looks for each input in the `SuperField`:
* If the input already exists in the `SuperField` it will be removed.
* Otherwise, the input will be added into the `SuperField`.
```

Also can consider putting `SuperField` in the DG's glossary.

Want to narrow down your displayed contacts to a certain few?

Use this command to find contacts using keywords and fields you specify!

**Syntax:**

`find KEYWORD {SPECIFIER}/{KEYWORDS} ...`

| Specifier | Name of Field                   | Optional? |
|-----------|---------------------------------|-----------|
| n         | name                            | No        |
| e         | Email address                   | Yes       |
| a         | Address                         | Yes       |
| m         | Major                           | Yes       |
| mt        | Mods Taken                      | Yes       |
| f         | Faculty                         | Yes       |
| g         | Gender                          | Yes       |
| t         | Tags                            | Yes       |
| c         | Preferred Communication Channel | Yes       |

_Here are some important requirements for you to take note:_
* The keywords are case-insensitive.

>   * i.e. `find n/Abigail' can return people with names of 'Abigail`, 
> 'aBiGail', 'abigail', 'ABIGAIL'.

Reviewer: Might have missed the parentheses:
```suggestion
  * i.e. `find n/Abigail` can return people with names of 'Abigail', 'aBiGail', 'abigail', 'ABIGAIL'.
```

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Calendar Features
<hr style="border:2px solid gray">

### Tagging Contacts to an Event: `tagpersonevent`

Want to remember who was a part of a certain event? 

Tag their contacts
to the event using this command!

**Syntax:**

> `tagpersonevent et/{EVENT INDEX} pt/{NAME}`

Author: This syntax is different because tagpersonevent will only ever have these two specifiers. But I see the point!
